[GLOSSARY] input (#429)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/glossary/Glossary.md

Read more: [Hardware Wallet FAQs](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#hardware-wallet)
:::

:::details
### Input

> Input, transaction input, or TxIn is an input in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a unique transaction hash and an index number, which references one output of a previous transaction which is spend in this transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input, transaction input, or TxIn is an input in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a unique transaction hash and an index number, which references one output of a previous transaction which is spent in this transaction.
```

Should we say: which references one `unspent` output ...

Author: ```suggestion
Input, transaction input, or TxIn is an input in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a unique transaction hash and an index number, which references one utxo of a previous transaction which is spent in this transaction.
```

> Input, transaction input, or TxIn is an input in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a unique transaction hash and an index number, which references one output of a previous transaction which is spend in this transaction.

Reviewer 2: Input, transaction input, or TxIn is an input in a Bitcoin transaction which contains two fields: a unique transaction hash and an index number, which references one output of a previous transaction which is spent in this transaction.
